Daniel Craig's run as James Bond
is finally coming to an end,
so if you need a recap of everything he
got up to in his history as James Bond,
don't worry this video has you covered.
This is everything that you need to know
about the previous James Bond movies before
you see No Time to Die. Let's get started.
Daniel Craig’s run as James Bond began in 2006’s
Casino Royale. Bond has just been promoted to
a “double-o” agent, a top secret branch of
agents in MI6’s Secret Intelligence Service.
On his first mission as 007, Bond thwarts a
terrorist attack on the Skyfleet airliner.
The head of SIS, “M”, informs Bond that the
mastermind behind the attempted terrorist
attack was Le Chiffre, a private banker to
terrorists. He shorts successful companies'
stocks and stages terrorist attacks to tank the
stocks and reap the financial benefits. But after
Bond thwarts the Skyfleet attack, Le Chiffre
is left on the hook for a huge financial loss.
And so, Le Chiffre stages a high stakes poker
tournament at the Casino Royale in Montenegro
with the hopes of recouping his losses. Bond
is sent to the tournament to beat Le Chiffre,
with MI6 hoping that a defeat would force
a cash strapped Le Chiffre to aid them in
taking down his terrorist creditors
in exchange for their protection.
Bond’s allies on this mission include MI6
agent Rene Mathis and a foreign liaison
named Vesper Lynd. The tournament is
not an especially fun one for Bond,
as throughout his stay in Montenegro,
he’s forced to murder a rival,
is nearly killed himself by poison, and even LOSES
the tournament. Fortunately for that last one,
Bond befriends a CIA operative named Felix
Leiter who buys Bond back into the tournament
with the promise that the CIA would be
the ones who get to arrest Le Chiffre.
Eventually, Bond manages to successfully win
the tournament and along the way strikes up
a romantic relationship with Vesper. Le Chiffre
has Vesper and Bond captured, and tortures Bond
to give up the password to the account holding
the tournament winnings. And that’s when the
mysterious Mr. White shows up. White is a leader
of the secret organization “Quantum” who lost
a lot of money due to Le Chiffre. White kills Le
Chiffre and his men and sets Bond and Vesper free.
Vesper confesses her love for Bond and
he resigns from SIS to run off with her.
On vacation in Italy, Vesper betrays
Bond and delivers the Casino Royale
winnings to Quantum. Bond fights off the
Quantum agents, but Vesper drowns herself.
A distraught Bond calls M to return to
service and is told that Vesper had a
boyfriend being held by Quantum and the
money was meant to secure his release.
When Bond checks Vesper’s phone, he discovers
she’s left Mr. White’s phone number for him.
And so, Bond tracks down Quantum leader Mr. White,
shoots him in the leg, and takes him into custody.
The story continues in Quantum of Solace, a…
sleepier affair. Mr. White’s Quantum agents
manage to rescue their leader from Bond and
SIS. Bond then discovers another Quantum leader
in Dominic Greene who is attempting to help
overthrow the Bolivian government and install
General Medrano as the new president. And so Bond
makes it his new mission to take down Greene.
M thinks Bond is too close to this mission and
is fueled by revenge for Vesper, which is true,
and calls Bond out of the field. But he continues
on his own, and thus doesn’t have the support of
MI6. He teams up with Greene’s former flame
Camille Montes, whose family was killed by
Medrano. Along the way, Bond also gets help from
old friends Rene Mathis, who is killed by corrupt
cops working for Medrano, and Felix Leiter, who
tips Bond off to Greene’s location and the CIA’s
pursuit of Bond. Eventually, Bond and Camille
take down Greene and Medrano before parting ways.
As Quantum of Solace comes to a
close, Bond tracks down Yusef Kabira,
the boyfriend of Vesper Lynd. Turns out, Yusef was
also a member of Quantum, who seduced high-ranking
women and staged his own kidnappings so they’d
pay his ransom. Bond decides to spare Yusef and
has MI6 arrest him. With all of these loose
ends tied up, M has Bond reinstated into SIS.
And that brings us to Skyfall. James Bond is
sent on a mission with Eve Moneypenny to stop
a mercenary from stealing a hard drive
containing a list of names and details
of undercover agents currently in the field. If
the wrong people got their hands on that intel,
it would be disastrous for MI6, which is why
M gives Moneypenny the go ahead to take a shot
at the mercenary even though Bond
was also in the line of fire.
Moneypenny accidentally shoots Bond
instead and the mercenary escapes.
Following the debacle, M is pressured
by the chairman of the Intelligence and
Security Committee of Parliament, Gareth
Mallory, to resign. Following this,
MI6’s servers are hacked and their headquarters
are blown up in a terrorist attack.
James Bond, who was presumed dead
and was now living in retirement,
spending his days drinking and having sex, returns
to London after seeing the attacks on the news.
Bond fails his physical, medical
and psychological exams, but
M approves him to return to the field anyway.
Bond meets with MI6’s new quartermaster, Q,
who equips him with a gun and a radio transmitter,
and then heads off on his mission to track
down the mercenary and uncover their employer.
Eventually, Bond discovers that the
man behind the attacks was Silva,
a former MI6 agent who now dealt in
cyberterrorism. Silva has become obsessed
with his vendetta against M, who had sold him out
to the Chinese government while under her employ,
in exchange for the release of several
other agents. Knowing that M had made a
similar decision in regards to Bond’s life,
Silva feels a certain kinship with 007.
To put a stop to Silva’s terrorism, Bond has
Q and M’s chief of staff Bill Tanner leave an
electronic trail for Silva to follow. The trail’s
destination? Skyfall, the Bond family home. Bond,
M, and Skyfall’s gamekeeper Kincade prepare
the estate for Silva’s attack. In that attack,
M is wounded, but Bond manages
to kill Silva once and for all.
But then, M succumbs to her wounds and dies in
Bond’s arms. Following M’s funeral, Moneypenny
retires from fieldwork to become secretary
for Gareth Mallory, the newly appointed M.
And that brings us to Spectre. The
recently deceased M left Bond a message,
sending him on an unauthorized mission
to kill terrorist Marco Sciarra.
Bond takes Sciarra’s ring
for further investigation.
The new M is angry at Bond’s unauthorized mission
and suspends him from field duty. But, of course,
Bond disobeys M’s orders and uses Sciarra’s
ring to infiltrate a secret meeting for whatever
shady organization Sciarra belonged to. At the
meeting, Bond learns of the organization’s leader,
Franz Oberhauser, and of a hit to be taken out
against a former member known as the Pale King.
Bond has Moneypenny look into
Oberhauser and the Pale King.
When Bond finds the Pale King, he discovers
that it is actually an ailing Mr. White,
the former head of Quantum. Mr. White
then urges Bond to protect his daughter,
who can help lead Bond to Oberhauser. White kills
himself and Bond hurries off to find his daughter.
White’s daughter is Dr. Madeleine Swann,
who tells Bond that the organization’s name
is Spectre, and it’s revealed that
previous Bond villains Le Chiffre,
Dominic Greene, and Raoul Silva were all members.
As James Bond is out in the field learning
of Spectre, his boss M has his own problems
to deal with. The General Director of the new
Joint Intelligence Service, Max Denbigh, aka C,
wants Britain to join the Nine Eyes global
surveillance initiative and shut
down the “00” program for good.
After defeating Spectre assassin Mr. Hinx, Bond
and Madeleine are brought to Oberhauser’s Spectre
base, where the villain tortures Bond and reveals
his evil plans. It is actually Spectre that is
funding the Joint Intelligence Service and was
staging terrorist attacks to create a need for the
Nine Eyes surveillance program, which would allow
Oberhauser to spy on the government and anyone
looking to stop his evil plans. He also reveals
himself to be James Bond’s stepbrother who became
jealous of his father’s relationship with James.
Oberhauser killed his father, took on the name
Ernst Blofeld, founded Spectre, and set in motion
plans to ruin his brother James Bond’s life.
It was Blofeld that was personally responsible
for the deaths of Vesper Lynd and M.
Bond and Madeleine manage to escape and blow
up the Spectre base. Upon returning to London,
they team up with M, Q, Moneypenny, and Tanner to
stop C from taking the Nine Eyes program online.
Blofeld has Madeleine kidnapped, and Bond must
save her from an imminently detonating building as
M and Q shut down Nine Eyes and fight
C, who eventually falls to his death.
Bond and Madeleine escape the building just
in the knick of time and Bond shoots down a
fleeing Blofeld’s helicopter. Ultimately,
Bond decides to spare his brother,
who is taken into custody by M. Bond
then decides to turn away from M and
the “00” program to be with Madeleine and
pursue a quieter, simpler life in love.
And that's everything that's happened so
far in Daniel Craig's run as James Bond.
What have been your favorite moment so far?
How do you hope his story ends? And who do
you hope is going to play the next James
Bond? Let me know in the comments below.
Like this video if you found it helpful.
Subscribe to this channel for more content
like it and that does it for me in this
one, but i'll see you in the next one.